 Dear Dr. Alphonce and Victoria,

Here are the team meeting minutes for the this week:

-After the write-up we got together and read through the new stage 2 description. Most of the group had not read it yet, so this took some time to get through. 

-We then discussed what exactly stage 2 entails and cleared up any confusion that we each had as best we could.

-Kevin suggested that we should go through the functionality and see if any of the requirements will cause issues with the current condition of the code.

-Kevin also wrote down all of the new requirements on a list and separated them into two categories. One for new functionality that is just altered from something from the old functionality, and two, code that is entirely new to the project, such as the GUI and the save/restore.

-We then discussed how we would implement some of our new ideas.

-Kevin wrote a list of some new ideas he and Joe had for altering some aspects of the old functionality.

-I then explained some of my logic in making some of last stage's methods.

-Joe pointed us to look at the dictionary

-Kevin expressed his concern over the place and retract methods in their current configuration.

-We discussed how the point multipliers will affect the way word validation and recognition.

-We talked about a possible time that we could meet next week and what each person might be able to handle.

-Some of us expressed concern about being unable to work on it very much in the near future, mainly next week, but Kevin, Alex, and Du said they would work on it next week while Joe and I will be too busy with other classes to do so. After next week Joe and I will become more involved.

-Kevin went through some parts of the code with Du to decide what they each could do in the next couple days.

-We decided to not meet directly after class today like we usually do since no more work has been completed.

Thank you,
--Mark Starczewski Jr.